highcharts/8-separate-axes (#26)
blacklabel/highcharts-fundamentals: highcharts-api/highcharts/8-separate-axes/README.md

# highcharts/8-separate-axes

> Create a bar chart with two separate red series on the separate axes, see an image below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a bar chart with two separate red series on the separate axes. For reference, see the image below.
```
